So today we're back with some of the
best roleplay servers here in Brick rigs
we've got everything from military role
playay City RP and a whole lot of death
so stay tuned Until the End hit that
thumbs up button and let's jump in all
right folks I see a tactical military
training RP um my goodness there is 20
people in this so there's a lot of stuff
here uh I you know I feel like I've been
in a server this actually might be the
server that I've been in before so let's
join what could go wrong 20 people in
one server all right so we have located
the military base they're already
debating if I'm real um I'm just going
to say hello uh you know you just want
to be cordial about this it says come to
the airport um is this how military
training is going because uh I don't
know if I want to I don't know if I want
to partake if I end up uh in Flames here
okay so I think I've located the uh the
camp there's just a bunch of random
people walking around Kenny wait where
is that kind of
rings a bell I feel like we've dealt
with a Kenny in a video you know maybe
I've just seen some of these people like
so much that maybe I'm starting to run
into the same people hey no hey hey
candy turn
around what the heck Kenny how did you
dodge that all right kodo oh they're
telling me to say the word uh
Dingus uh that word is is that really is
that my like this is kodo's real also I
thought we were doing military training
why is Kenny shooting people canny stop
that I'm going to ask uh so what do we
do
um are you recording oh my God you're
real uh yes I'm real I'm just I'm just
trying to join in on the role play oh my
goodness that guy just fell from the top
of the tower up there hey wait hey Kenny
wait who's shooting no no Kenny don't
shoot me I thought that was Kenny no
that's another person so they're saying
oh I think I need to join brick rig's
Armed Forces there's people murdering
each other in the server right in front
of me what part of military training is
this because I think I missed the memo
okay I am now brck rig's armed forces
are you shooting the guys in R oh my
goodness it is total chaos
oh oh my goodness uh oh okay yep oh yep
um I've got uh like 10 people staring at
me right now no hey hey guys let's let's
let's talk about this let's maybe maybe
give me a chance let's just keep it
civil keep it civil uh uh just just here
to RP I'm going to tell him just just
here for the uh for the RP what are we
going to do we're going to do some
training are we going to do some
exercises is everybody just going to
stare at me really blank and I I feel
like if if you're an animal in a zoo
this is what it feels like like I'm on
the inside of the cage and everybody's
just staring going oh look it's
Komodo uh okay uh thanks everybody for
the compliments somebody saying give me
room so what do we want to do I I'll
follow the rules I I'm I'm here to
follow the rules I'm here to play
responsibly here in this server so
whatever you guys want to do somebody
said come okay I'm going to follow this
guy I think this might be one of the
admins um either that he's going to take
me and like execute me somewhere
being wait uh wait why are we getting up
on stage okay maybe I'm supposed to
stand out here uh okay um so what are we
doing okay so they say we're going on a
mission here uh yes I am recording uh Le
let's go on a mission let's do the
mission thing um why is everybody
staring at me no you're supposed to
stare at the leader over there okay what
are we doing okay I'm just going to
follow this dude we're apparently going
on a mission there's a lot of people in
this server by the way this is which is
actually kind of amazing like this has
been coordinated oh I guess I just
walked through this wall okay there we
go yeah this has been fairly coordinated
like you got to give these guys props I
I mean I've only been shot at like once
so that's pretty good also I do believe
look Kenny's like hey you remember me I
think I remember Kenny that's bad cuz
the name like pops up and I go oh my
goodness what is
this um there is a burger on top of that
what
the uh
um there's oh my goodness do is in the
car okay I don't know what that is but
yeah yeah let's let let's follow I'm
going to tell them just to follow the
rules okay so I told everybody just
follow the rules pretend I'm not here uh
what's what let's let's ask him what uh
is the mission that is not the mission
what is this no no they just said don't
spawn in it's like every time I turn
around there's a new burger creation I I
swear I didn't do this can we get like a
helicopter or something uh also people
were asking for shout outs somebody just
uh ran over another person okay uh I I
bring joy to life thank you for thank
you for the compliments I'm here okay I
see a tank oh a uh looks like a Ford
just ran over a person it it's starting
to get a little chaotic in here boys I
mean everything was really really nice
um I feel like I might have oh my
goodness I just got hit by H wait it
says I have zero Health but I'm still
alive so as we wait for the mission I
still get stared at by a bunch of people
uh we're going to go to the desert worms
that's what I like to hear all right
we're going to go attack some desert
worm shoot him in the face everybody's
just like uh what's the Crouch what's
the balancing of the crotch move that's
kind of weird oh oh here we go are we
going to cram 20s something PE is it
wait how many people are here I need
like a head count like I think we're
probably close to 20 people either this
is going to go extremely well or
extremely bad but I'm here for it I'd
like to take a seat um I hope the pilot
knows how to uh how to fly this because
this is a lot of souls aboard and uh
yeah if we die this is going to be oh
this is epic looking hold on uh we're
getting somewhere now we're we're
organized all right let's do this
wherever the desert worms base is uh
wait they just told us to get out wait
why are we getting out we just got into
the helicopter um we need a second heli
yeah we don't even have enough chairs in
this freaking thing also there's a guy
in a red shirt shouldn't he be a
military all right everybody just hold
on to your butt cheeks if you fly out of
the helicopter and we're not coming back
to get you all right here we go there's
a guy hanging off this side uh-oh
it's probably not a great place to be
all right everybody hold on your butt
cheeks we're uh we're heading to the
where's the desert worms base at is this
kind of a weird map for a military RP
what just happened it glitched a little
bit uh I think we left a couple Bobs on
the ground but it's fine this should be
enough for the mission here everybody
just hold still dude this is actually
really awesome I must say we are in the
new 1.7 version I don't know if that's
going to make much of a difference on
the online but with this many people it
honestly feels good like it's not really
laggy at all uh so I'm pretty happy so
far okay I think I see the base in wait
what what's going uhoh uhoh oh everybody
hold on Pilot's having a little bit of
difficulties here um I think that is the
desert worms base out there I don't wait
is that like anti-air is there actually
people out there um okay oh jeez uh I
don't know there's like a winch just
flew out the front uh a bob just flew no
no little buddy uh and I want to watch
him Le hit the ground and oh he went
through it okay you know I think the
probably the coolest thing for me is
that a lot of people have already been
in the videos and typically when they
see their in videos everybody like
really does behave and like we're
actually getting some good stuff here uh
uhoh uh oh wait where we going hey I
think the base is over there uh are we
are we going to be walking like why not
just land right by the base the base is
over okay he's turning I don't know why
there's like ropes flying out of the
helicopter right now uh oh my goodness
okay okay just go forward is it is there
too many Bobs in the back is that what's
happen oh my goodness there's a dead
there was a dead body bouncing around oh
are we good all so everybody's outside
of the helicop you know we really really
could have just landed like right over
there right they didn't even shoot at us
okay uh let's go I'm going to ask who
the squad leader is because everybody's
like following me okay where's okay come
on follow the white shirt dude let's do
this let's go or do we go first who who
goes first I'm pretty sure if there's
enemies over there they're watching us
just standing oh my goodness there's
actually uh wait there's explosions
going on over there uh do we go okay he
says listen up okay listen up to listen
to that guy in the white shirt please
stop standing in front of me Steve hey
somebody says they saw me in retro poooa
I hope to be back at that it's probably
somebody I've actually met in real life
all right let's do this okay see the
base he said see the base yes uh we can
see the base uh I oh I see desert worms
running around all right he just said
move out so we're going all right so we
got a group of at least how many
soldiers is this I think we lost a
couple in the helicopter ride over here
uh people that didn't have a chair they
might have flown
out okay uh so we have no cover we
probably should have like called in some
air support to maybe soften up the base
a little bit before we actually get here
um I'm not trying to lead the server
here I'm just that was an honest
suggestion uh they're already opening
fire okay let's just use uh the other
people as human Shields oh my get wait I
just got shot in the
back really spy gaming yeah wrong wrong
person we're on the same team you Dingus
um spy gaming is now sh uh wait really
it's I I don't need to be extinguished
buddy I'm ready to get up here I don't
know are we getting shot at I see fire
in the distance is that a thing yeah
there's there's dead body wait what is
happening oh I think we are getting shot
on yeah maybe we'll just open fire uh
give some covering fire here I'm still
getting shot in the face by an
extinguisher I'm about to shoot one of
my squadmates in the face oh no the the
squad leader just got shot uh do we have
a medic is there a medic who are we
getting shot by oh it's it's spy G the
person's kind of a menace right now hey
get the extinguisher ramp we don't need
that we don't need to extinguish their
fires uhoh I see a bunch of people just
got banned can we get F in the chat for
those people okay uh I feel like I'm
about to be the first person to this
base and this is probably uh going to be
an issue okay we're F oh I think we're
finally getting shot at I see bullets
like actually whizzing by like this this
is a thing right now okay uh we got to
find an entrance in the base you know
it's weird they have all these tanks out
here but it looks like oh H there are
people over there H I think these tanks
are man oh I just hit somebody in the
back the head sorry a little bit of
Crossfire there hold on let reload dude
this is freaking cool okay we're almost
to the base uh I see Squad leaders back
he's no longer dead uh there's a person
in AA turret that might aim that towards
us do we open fire on that person I
don't know we might have actually taken
oh I think we've taken control of some
of these okay here we go up to the base
just stay kind of low oh there's the
enemy hold on dude I suck at aiming I I
think we've established oh no I I got
him okay there we go we're going to get
to the side where's the entrance I think
the front gate is over here hey Mr red
shirt I think you're supposed to be in
camo all right let's go he here we go oh
we're getting shot at wait where's that
coming from okay it's coming from the
inside of the base do we want to throw a
couple grenades over the wall that would
probably be good okay hold on let me
look in uh oh hold on I think we might
have taken the base wait we did the
thing wait why are we throwing this is
there somebody in the tower I see people
throwing grenades up in the tower uh but
the tower looks like it has fake
Windows um did we win uh I still hear a
lot of gunfire and I'm not really sure
why what the heck um is that an enemy or
is that just one of our teammates trying
to drive that into the the base uh I
need to oh just exploded Bes me I'm
going to head for cover inside one of
the buildings wait is that a person that
doesn't look like desert worms it look
like Special Forces oh I need I need to
ask um did we win this is at one time
where you're trying to figure out if we
won but everybody is still shooting and
I'm not really sure what we're shooting
at are we shooting at that I think we're
shooting at that um did we win mission
complete I mean to be fair that was I
would still say that was fairly
organized even though we're still dying
right now we we made it in a helicopter
flew over to a base we took the base we
win right uh oh oh my goodness uh oh and
I've been killed by Steve Dave what the
heck all right boys mission complete
we're getting back in the heli going
back to base I call a
CH okay we're not taking the oh that
person has got shot oh that person just
got shot uh okay do I really want to
jump in the heli after the initial
explosion sure you know what I'll get
back in a seat um are we going to keep
anybody at the base also the person in
the black shirt I'm pretty sure I shot
somebody like that earlier is his an
enemy in Disguise I thought they were
desert worms but normally desert worms
are tan oh no somebody just exploded
something in the helicopter everybody
get in uh you're going to get ranked
wait I get
ranked oh hold on dude uh it's probably
good we stay in the server just a little
bit longer cuz I think I'm about to get
some sort of upgrade or or rank I don't
know why uhoh something something's
happening here somebody said close the
back please uh something it's shaky
there's still people shooting inside out
of the helicopter which is probably not
ADV ADV there's a guy that's got an RP
no no not the
RP I guess I don't get ranked do I okay
we're going to join another one this one
says basic RP no randomly killing people
why do I feel like that's going to
happen ask for a job you know what I
like that no nukes no server Crashers
let's go let's give this one a chance
here I'm going to go ask for a job as
soon as I get in okay I've joined uh I
like how it said basic RP yet we have a
big tanked vehicle or tracked vehicle in
the middle of town um there's
also wait what what's happening here um
on I'm just going to say
hello uh can can I can I uh get a job
see I'm being nice here I'm asking for a
job let's see if they'll give me
something to do even though I'm really
confused like it said basic are there's
the helicopter again no no no no no no
no I I wasn't yo uh um this I thought
I've already finished the RP like
military servers I thought we were like
doing like City RP here there's a person
flying sideways um hey people are saying
they're big fans I mean it doesn't
matter if you're a fan or not you know
it's always pretty cool there's always
people like man I hate this guy it's
like it's
fine I really don't care I'm just here
for like the RP aspect and I'm trying to
figure out other than the the helicopter
kind of flying over the city is there is
there a business going on like it said
ask for a job okay immediately had
somebody like pull up beside me hello
Sergeant house 545 nice car you got
there um so what what job am I supposed
to ask I've already asked like twice for
a job and I have gotten zero
oh is this some sort of gang or
something why does everybody have like
similar looking cars
uhoh say something kodo would say oh Yep
this is the proof Dingus you know I'm
going to have to change this word
because now if I feel like people that
fake me are going to start saying Dingus
so down in the comment section Find me
another word for the next server video
that way anybody that watches this and
it might see me in a server we'll know
like a new code word um hi everybody oh
no I feel like I'm in a zoo once again
everybody staring at me is this some
sort of like old GTS I don't know what
kind of cars these are I mean they're
they're sweet looking car can I have a
car hey look that person CJ uh I thought
it was supposed to say Nitro it says
always assume I'm fake which is good
always do assume I'm fake that that's a
very fair and valid thing um so we're
asking what are we doing here like are
we are we driving or we doing RP stuff
what's what's down the street anybody
spawn anything why does it seem like a
McDonald's pops up at the same spot
every time you know what screw it I'm
I'm going to go to McDonald's I'm going
to spawn in a car here uh let me spawn
in something that's not ridiculously
like uh huge as far as bricks how about
the my summer car uh car here this this
can't be that bad right oh my goodness
okay I guess I'm taking the squad to
McDonald's anybody else want to hop in
while we're at it I got one more seed
here somebody's saying to listen to me
I'm sorry we we we got max amount of
people we're going to Mickey D's the guy
why is his head turned around like that
I'll everybody oh my goodness we got rid
into okay no we're good it's good it's
Built Tough As Nails all right let's
let's keep going and Mickey D's here Al
you know how old it makes me uh feel to
be fair I've been playing brick rig
since like 2017 I got people like man
I've been watching watch you since I'm
six I'm like oh my goodness I'm getting
old watch out buddy I don't want to hit
you we're we're going to Mickey D's
we're going to go get some mcnuggies
here let's go ahead and just pull really
dude you got to stop resetting the
Mickey D's I was about to park in the
parking lot oh I just hit a Mustang okay
let's go back oh my goodness the
McDonald's sign almost just landed on us
can I sue for that can we can we get
some money okay we're going to go get
mcnuggies let's go ahead and pull into
the parking lot I don't know if we're
allowed to like bring in uh RPGs and
stuff I'm gonna say that's probably a no
all right everybody get out uh let's go
into mcdonal wait Kenny's back Kenny
found us in another
server okay uh we are here at McDonald's
where's the employees at Kenny you just
showed up from the outside you can't
just turn around and be a you know what
Kenny might be our server
MVP Alo I just got shot in the back of
the head I want a Big Mac and uh let's
go big mac oh my goodness I got shot
again Big Mac fry Bucky Baker I'm going
to shoot you you know I don't want to
pull out a gun in McDonald's cuz I feel
like that's disrespectful but I might
have to shoot you in the face somebody
just said get down Mr no we're not doing
this again I'm not becoming every server
I get into it's like hello Mr President
wait hold on where's the presidential
limo that's normally about the queue
when it shows up where' McDonald's go uh
somebody just said the gas station's up
you know what maybe we give up on Mickey
DS I've almost been killed by the sign
and oh my goodness is that the GTR I
spawned in several episodes ago it is I
feel like that was spawn in on purpose
oh okay this is getting kind of bad uh
I'm going to go this what where did the
Cessna come oh my wait the pilot is dead
okay I'm going to get a Walmart hey
they're starting to spawn in businesses
okay I'm going to go grab my vehicle
again and then we're going to attempt to
go over to one of these businesses and
do stuff okay vehicle back in everybody
hop in I guess we're not getting
mcnuggies right now uh can we get in
here before the track vehicle runs us
over okay we better go because we're
getting chased down oh look here's a gas
oh my goodness out of control semi um
okay no we're fine we're just going to
come in let's go ahead and get some gas
you guys want some snacks or something
Lego truck dude why also Bucky Baker
might be the most annoying person that
I've dealt with so far today I just got
shot wait are they in our car hold on
hold on is one of you guys Bucky B who's
Bucky Baker I
don't I'm going to say why Bucky why
Bucky oh my goodness the track vehicle's
attempting to run us over okay I'm going
to try to get into this gas station
we're going to RP here I had to ask
Bucky why is Bucky in my car okay we're
pulling up to gas station let's go get
some snacks couldn't get MC nugs the
person in the track vehicle is still
attempting to run us over um it's
probably fine all I'm going to go inside
wait Bucky was in the car the whole time
really you shot the driver in the back
that okay come on I'm just trying to
just let me get inside the store oh you
stop stupid okay get inside the store
okay all I want to SN why is there gun
guns in the store I'm just looking
around just trying to figure out what's
going on here what is happening you know
I was going to go in here and buy some
snacks but wait a minute where my ve oh
my vehicle's still here okay um nice to
meet you guys can I uh can I go outside
oh my goodness I think somebody just set
off the silent alarm all right uh hey we
need to get moving here uh here let me
let me get inside this vehicle oh great
I grab I got in the passenger seat no I
don't want to let anybody else okay
somebody else is driving let let let's
go let's get out of here there is a
undercover cop that's lit up did we just
Rob something did somebody pickpocket or
somebody steal something in the in the
store I would love to know because now I
feel like we're on the Run uh okay well
I trust that this person knows what
they're doing as far as driving so the
person that is attempting to drive this
car cannot go in a straight line there
have you been drinking I heard a big
explosion I'm going to get out of the
car because it's making me car sick um
what is that is that a fortnite battle
bus uh-oh something's lagging somebody
just spawned in some wait what in the
heck is happening uh somebody's
attempting to run ruin the server I
think oh no McDonald's just exploded
never mind we're good um I am so
confused by what's happening right now
lag yes there is a lot of lag here right
now I'm not really sure what happened
let may see if I can find another
business to go to you know it it never
fails every time I turn around the
McDonald's is like it's back am I
supposed to okay I'm going to attempt to
go in here I'm going to go oh my
goodness how many times are we going to
reset McDonald's if the street sign
keeps falling over there it goes
again somebody just said get my private
that's the person that shot me in the
back of the head several times do you
really want me to get in your private
helicopter oh my goodness see that's
what would have happen he's like get in
the private helicopter so I can crash it
um I'm tempted just jump into the
station oh my goodness the car just went
flying by at like mock speed and took me
out wait a minute uh maybe we should
just run maybe I should oh I just got
shot okay we have waffle Workshop you
know what let's go into waffle Workshop
maybe this will be like a safe house
okay I'm going to go into waffles
Workshop nobody follow me in here let's
just go in here uh hold on close the
door there we go oh my goodness we're
starting to get lag so like the input
for the button clicks okay am I safe in
here no
no what is hitting the workshop oh my
goodness there's a helicopter crashing
into the side of it look for
a wait did I just get somebody just said
like I'm wanted now I blew up a a gas I
didn't do anything to the gas station
you guys saw I just I was just there
uhoh there are police officers starting
to show up um I need to ask him uh uh I
am a wanted person okay okay so I'm
watching them attempt to work on this
vehicle somebody like called out that I
was
wanted um the workshop was just crushed
by the gas station all right so we're
walking around the server uh somebody
said the sooner I leave brick rigs the
better because I ruined the
reputation not it being a brick Style
game keep trying toast okay so I I feel
like the server's been somewhat reset
cuz it's a little less laggy there's no
longer McDonald's the workshop still
there and there's still a ton of death
uh I'm supposedly I guess want
it uh somebody said go to the tower to
be safe I don't trust the person that
shot me oh no oh jeez okay that's the
GTR that almost that that thing spawned
in last time that thing's trying to kill
me um I I don't know where to go here uh
apparently I'm
wanted uh oh jeez okay you know what uh
the person keeps telling me to get in
the helicop I'm not getting in the
helicopter you shot me in the head oh
there's the police okay uh run run run
run run there's a GTR that's still
trying to oblit oh my goodness the GTR
has finally obliterated me you know it
almost feels fitting that the vehicle
that I spawned in last time has come
back to haunt me and run me
over um I'm dead I hear explosions in
the background
oh um this might be time to uh to leave
cuz cuz yeah I don't think we're to get
anything accomplished anymore I'm dead
also I'm now naked and somebody's
dropping uh bombs on the server